I am NOT looking in this particular
episode i have my workout clothes on
because i'm going to need it after
eating beef Jason my husband is actually
going to make his grandmother's recipe
for pierogies she was Ukrainian so
grandmother is baba Baba okay
grandfather GG okay and they actually
didn't call him Brody's they call them
put a hat what half set which I don't
know if that's accurate thank you korean
or not but that's what they call that
was what I think all right so you've
already started this process and the
first part of it has to do with the
peeling potatoes right yep it's all
potatoes and she just caught him in the
chunks about ok bite-sized I guess
something more than that just so that
when you put him in the dough they they
fit in a secret to my grandfather's
recipe was the dough huh how he made the
dough okay so you've got to tell us and
show us how am I headed
you three cups of flour and then and
there's it's not so and then you'll have
a teaspoon of salt regular salt salt and
then a quarter cup of oil vegetable oil
works we use half hour oil but you wanna
you want to just pour it in there easy
to own a big huge clump I found just
experimenting that I use this mixer and
started out slow because if you don't
you can have like a white cloud
everything will be dusty all around the
show because this is how my grandfather
was they literally sit there with a bowl
and go like this until all this all that
oil was like it was smooth odd how much
water and does it matter if it's cold or
hot it my mom always said one cup of
cold water up or most of it in there
just leave a little bit and then the
nasty part it's getting
making the dough big ball is a good idea
you see I didn't put all the water in
there so it's not all pumping together
yet and then when I see I'm close I put
the rest in at this stage you're going
to put it in a bowl and let it sit and
rest for about 45 minutes I guess I
always cover it just to keep stuff from
getting in it and that but it'll sit
there and rest for about 45 minutes to
an hour before you're ready to start
rolling it up
you
move okay once you take them out of the
freezer there they're frozen I just
played a little thing and loosens them
all up but they'll be like card and then
I just put them in these are big ziplock
baggies but nobody should be good they
won't now that the frozen I won't stick
together and you can file them all in
there and then you can pull out as many
as you need and then put them right back
in the freezer and they won't stick you
know that all you can have to being in
the freezer they won't stick and then
when you go to cook them we all know how
many we can eat Killian will eat half a
dozen and I usually eat more Pacific
boiling water here and we're just going
to add them to the wall and you like
these right who doesn't like cheese and
potatoes all right and then what are you
dipping it in
score free how is it really good and
they're good with what else gravy
everything's great enjoy
you